Share resource requirements for examples (#806)
vmware-tanzu/cartographer: examples/README.md

- [Supply Chain: Source => Image => Git](gitwriter-sc/README.md): whereas the first example deploys an app, this example
  takes the app configuration and writes it to git. This configuration can then be read by a Delivery in another
  cluster. This allows all build processes to be isolated in a cluster completely separate from the production cluster
  exposed to customers and end users.
- [Delivery: Git => App](basic-delivery/README.md): this example picks up app configuration that has been written to
  git (it is written to work with the gitwriter example above). The configuration is then applied to the cluster. This
  minimizes processes occuring in the production cluster exposed to customers and end users.

## Resource Requirements

### Usage

When the examples are run, they generally consume 4 cpu cores and 4 GiB of memory.

### Requests

The examples rely on a number of controllers being installed. These controllers create deployments which request
resources from the kubernetes cluster at rest. All told, the controllers request 1.7 cpu cores and 1.6 GiB of memory
"at rest".

When Cartographer runs these examples in testing, we

> use [the following overlay](../hack/overlays/remove-resource-requests-from-deployments.yaml) to remove these requests.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
use [this overlay](../hack/overlays/remove-resource-requests-from-deployments.yaml) to remove these requests.
```
